# Automated and Repeatable Deployments

## KC - Automated and Repeatable Deployments

#### 1. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service can be used to build a script-like template that represents a stack of AWS resources?
- [x] AWS CloudFormation ✅
- [ ] AWS OpsWorks 
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch alarms 
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy

#### 2. Why would a systems administrator use a configuration management solution?
- [ ] To increase the scalability of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2). 
- [ ] To manage the authentication of users in a system.
- [ ] To run scheduled system backups.
- [x] To automate configuration tasks and make them repeatable. ✅

#### 3. What is the purpose of a wait condition in an AWS CloudFormation template?
- [ ] To validate parameters and to wait for them to be error-free.
- [x] To coordinate the creation of template resources with other external configuration actions. ✅
- [ ] To signal when output values are available to be read. 
- [ ] To define custom input values and to wait for their initialization.

#### 4. An administrator wants to store an AWS CloudFormation template in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket, but they receive an error. What is likely to be the reason?
- [x] The administrator must have permissions to access the bucket. ✅
- [ ] The bucket is full.
- [ ] The CloudFormation template is written in JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) instead of YAML Ain't Markup Language (YAML).
- [ ] There is a syntax error in the CloudFomration template.

#### 5. Which statement about Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) is true?
- [ ] An AMI is used for only one instance at at time.
- [ ] An AMI is applied to an instance after the instance is launched.
- [x] An AMI is anchored at the Region level. ✅
- [ ] An AMI cannot be copied.

